Tool Installation
-----------------

To install tools, execute install.sh


Overview of Directory Layout
----------------------------

This is the base directory of the SOS operating system.  This base directory
simply acts as a root for other parts of the SOS distribution.  Most of this
distribution tries to place groups of files in labeled directories, rather than
clumping files in a generic location.  For example, the modules directory use
subdirectories to separate test modules from the more commonly used generic
modules.  Base directories include:

config
~~~~~~

Location of SOS kernel configurations.  These include the 'blank' kernel that
is loaded onto nodes in a sensor network, the 'base' kernel that is used to
interface between a server PC and the sensor network, and the 'modd_gw' kernel
used to load programs from the PC into a sensor network.

contrib
~~~~~~~

SOS releated work that is not part of the core release.  This includes
applicaton and driver code developed by other research labs and individuals.
This is a good place to develop custom applications.

doc
~~~~

Documentation for SOS.  Most of the documentation is written as HTML for use
on the SOS website.  SOS publications are also included on the website.  Small
TODO type lists sit directly in the doc directory.

drivers
~~~~~~~

include
~~~~~~~

SOS operating system include files.  These describe the core API provided by
SOS.  Platform and processor specific include files are NOT included in this
directory, but in the appropriate platform or processor directory.

kernel
~~~~~~

The core SOS kernel.  This is all of the C code that is used to make the core
kernel common on all platforms and processors.  Building a specific SOS kernel
can be accomplished directly from this directory (?).

modules
~~~~~~~

Individual modules that can be loaded on top of SOS.  Platform specific
modules sit in platform specific subdirectories of the the modules directory.

platform
~~~~~~~~

Platform specific driver code.  Note that processor specific driver code is
kept in a separate processor directory.

processor
~~~~~~~~~

Processor specific driver code.  Note that platform specific driver code is
kept in a separate platform directory.

tools
~~~~~

Tools used with SOS.  This consists of PC tools used with SOS including: the
sosserv server, tools for automated testing of the code base, and the SOS GUI.

